---
layout: "post"
title: "Fluidity"
date: "2024-04-04"
timeframe: ["2024"]
ecosystem: ["arbitrum"]
rewardedActivity: ["retroactive"]
category: ["defi"]
function: ["liquidity", "rewards"]
status: ["alive"]
pagetype: "project"
website: "https://fluidity.money/"
ticker: "FLY"
description: "Fluidity is a decentralized protocol that incentivizes transaction activity by rewarding users for utilizing their assets, aiming to increase volume and utility within the DeFi ecosystem."
mis-data-source: "coingecko"
last_updated: "2025-06-28T18:58:00.031Z"
# miscellaneous data source section
coingecko_id: "fluidity"
current_price: 0.00492429
market_cap: 0.0
market_cap_rank: null
fully_diluted_valuation: 4923792
circulating_supply: 0.0
total_supply: 1000000000.0
max_supply: 1000000000.0
ath: 0.059015
ath_change_percentage: -91.70973
ath_date: "2024-04-09T02:57:51.393Z"
atl: 0.00349435
atl_change_percentage: 40.01262
atl_date: "2024-11-25T11:05:14.378Z"
---

## Airdrop Details

| Information              | Details               |
| ------------------------ | --------------------- |
| Airdrop Type             | retroactive           |
| Total Airdrop Amount     | 37,721,883 FLY tokens |
| Number of Eligible Users | Not Known             |
| Number of Claimants      | Not Known             |

## Timeline

| Event               | Date          |
| ------------------- | ------------- |
| Blockchain Snapshot | Not Known     |
| Claiming Started    | April 4, 2024 |
| Claiming Ends       | Not Known     |

## Token Distribution

| Distribution   | Amount    |
| -------------- | --------- |
| Maximum        | Not Known |
| Median/Average | Not Known |
| Minimum        | Not Known |

## Eligibility Criteria

Users qualified for the airdrop if they met any of the following conditions:

- Participated in Airdrop Season 1
- Participated in Airdrop Season 2
- Provided liquidity (LP'd) on Camelot, Trader Joe, or Ramses pools during Season 2
- Held more than 10 fUSDC at the end of Season 2
- Contributed more than 100 fUSDC in volume on Arbitrum outside of Seasons 1 and 2
- Minted more than 10 fUSDC on Solana and contributed more than 100 fUSDC in volume
- Contributed more than 100 fUSDC in volume on Ethereum
- Participated in the Ropsten Testnet
- Held a Surfer NFT at the end of Season 2
- Participated in a round of Russian Roulette with fUSDC during weekly community calls
- Achieved Surfer Level 4, 5, or 6 and submitted information via Wispform
- Ranked among the top 2,500 users on Camelot by volume
- Ranked among the top 2,500 users on Jupiter Aggregator by volume

## Important Links

- Price Tracking: [CoinMarketCap](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/fluidity)
- Price Tracking: [CoinGecko](https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/fluidity)
- Official Announcement: [Announcing the Fluidity Airdrop and ICO](https://blog.fluidity.money/announcing-the-fluidity-airdrop-and-ico-4c72172acb64)
- Documentation: [Fluidity Docs](https://docs.fluidity.money/)
- Official Discord: [Fluidity Discord](https://discord.gg/fluidity)
- GitHub: [Fluidity GitHub](https://github.com/fluidity-money)
- Twitter: [Fluidity Twitter](https://twitter.com/fluiditylabs)
- Medium: [Fluidity Medium](https://blog.fluidity.money/)

## Additional Information

- **Initial Coin Offering (ICO):** Fluidity conducted its ICO on March 14, 2024, in collaboration with Moby. The ICO was open to all participants, with Moby stakers receiving priority. Following the ICO, liquidity for the FLY token was added, enabling users to claim their airdrop allocations and tokens from the public sale.

- **Post-TGE Initiatives:** After the Token Generation Event (TGE), Fluidity planned to launch new Utility Mining campaigns and Loot Bottle campaigns. The protocol also announced integration with their new Layer-3 chain, Superposition, where the FLY token plays a pivotal role. The first application on this Layer-3 is Long Tail, an Automated Market Maker (AMM) on Arbitrum that utilizes Fluid Assets and Utility Mining to reward every swap.

- **Governance Mechanisms:** Fluidity introduced governance features such as FLY staking, Utility Vaults, and Gauges. These mechanisms allow FLY token holders to participate in protocol governance, stake their tokens, and influence the distribution of incentives to drive order flow towards specific protocols.

- **FLY Token Utility:** The FLY token serves multiple purposes within the Fluidity ecosystem, including staking, revenue sharing, governance participation, Utility Mining, and influencing protocol parameters through Utility Gauges. Token holders also gain exposure to the Superposition Layer-3 chain, enhancing their involvement in the broader Fluidity ecosystem.